Let's start with the icons because if we have a look at our application right now, this is the ios
icon and here on Android,
well we got this default Android robot.
So this is not really a nice icon,
adding icons thankfully is relatively simple though.
Attached to this video, you will find a couple of image files which we'll use
and let's start by creating an android icon. For that you need Android studio
and there, you should go into your app folder in your open project, so open your project with the android
studio as
we did it before in this course,
navigate into that Android folder and open that Android folder in your project, so this folder here, open
it with Android studio and in there, you'll have this app folder, the same you can add it from in here
but here in Android studio, we get some extra tools. Go to the source folder and then there in the main
folder, there is this res folder for resources.
Here you see a couple of folders which actually hold the launcher icon you're seeing, this robot. Replacing
this is the goal and there is a convenient way of doing that,
you can just right click on this folder and then click on new and then on image asset. There you can
create a launcher icon with this convenient helper, so you can basically leave all the defaults,
definitely leave the name so that the other launcher icon is overridden,
that's the name linked in your manifest file, I'll come back to that and leave all the settings as I said.
Now what you have to do and can do is you have to pick your image, here under source asset.
Choose one of this, it could just be some text you enter here but I'll pick an image and then use the
image I attached to this video,
to be precise use the app icon one, without any other extension just appicon.png and open
it.
Then you see a preview and this tool will automatically generate a couple of icons that look good on
different devices and on different Android versions, so really convenient.
Now here my project actually doesn't target API 26 or higher, so I can also just use the legacy only approach
but if you're targeting API 26 or higher, then definitely go with adaptive than legacy,
if you use legacy only, then you still leave the name as it is.
We pick an image and you use the same image as before and it will then still give you these images here,
these previews, then we can click next and override the existing icon and click finish.
With that we have now our icon as the app icon and we can see this if we reinstall our app,
so let's uninstall the older version here
and let's thereafter in our projects just run npm run Android.
This will now rebuild the application and of course include this new icon and it will then install this
application on the Android device.
Once it's done, it'll here looks as it always does
but if we open this app drawer, here we can see our icon and we can of course also add it to the home
screen,
so that looks much better now.
How about ios? There we of course can also add an icon, we do this with Xcode
and of course here the important part is as with all the iOS related things, the iOS app related things,
you can't do that on a Windows machine unfortunately.
Now here in Xcode, what you do is you simply go to this image XC assets file here and click on app
icon and there you now got a couple of slots where you should drop in icons and I prepared all these
icons for you,
you can see you have a 2x and a 3x variant of most of them
and one 1024 point version.
Now you can simply drag your icons into the respective slots now,
so here's the 20 by 2 and 20 by 3 version
and I'm going to do this for all the slots you see here,
that is why I provided all these different icons sizes for you.
With that, that's already it, I've finished this set up, this is all we needed to do here.
I can now go to my iOS app and also uninstall that
and in our project i can now run ios so npm run ios to rebuild that and include the new icon and
then it will install this here and it will install it with our new icon we assigned.
So let's wait for that,
here we are, you can already see it,
here's our nice
lovely icon. Now
one thing that is missing is a nice splash screen. We can see it if we kill this process and start the
app and we don't even have a splash screen for Android.
So in the next lecture, let's add a nice splash screens.